---
layout: post
title: 'Week of 4 Sep 2016'
---

This is my second weekly blog sharing my experience taking CS 373 – Software Engineering with Dr. Fares Fraij. Like last time, this post will primarily answer three questions:

1. What did I do this past week?
2. What is in my way?
3. What will I do next week?

And, finally I will conclude with my overall experience and a tip-of-the-week.

###### What did I do this past week?

To be honest, I haven't done much when it comes to CS 373. Since I pretty much finished Collatz, I was able to focus my attention on my other classes, in particular, Compilers. 

###### What is in my way?

Like last time, currently there are no roadblocks. However, I will be singing a different tune come Thursday since that is when the assignments of all my classes are submitted and new ones introduced.

###### What will I do next week?

Now this is the interesting question. The second project for this class comes out Thursday so my partner and I will be dealing with this beast next week. 

###### Overall Experience

So far the overall experience is not negative.  It seems to be CS 373 is structured as follows: Before lecture, readings are assigned so that students get a preview of the topics to come. During the lectures, the instructor introduces example code chosen to spur conversation into an intended direction. Throughout this cycle, projects are given to give students real hands-on experience implementing the concepts and utilizing the tools presented in class. Of course there are details such as quizzes and exams that serve as checkpoints for understanding. Overall, this course is structures as a flipped classroom model.

###### Tip-of-the-Week: 
>  I wish I had this baby when I first started out in vim.

Use this wisely: <http://vim.rtorr.com/>
